Terraform aws support (#21)
chainstack/graph-deployment: terraform/aws/README.md

# AWS terraform
This terraform project creates kubernetes cluster in AWS from scratch. It's required in order deploy The Graph indexer on later steps.

## Install prerequisites
| Tool | Recommended version | Install documentation link |
| ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Terraform | `~> 1.0.2` | https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli#install-terraform |
| Kubectl | Latest | https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl |
| AWS cli | Latest | https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html |

## Apply terraform
### Auth in aws
Get AWS access key using this guide https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powershell/latest/userguide/pstools-appendix-sign-up.html .

Run in terminal:
```
aws configure
```
And input Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

### Fill variables
Copy example variables file `terraform.example.tfvars` to `terraform.tfvars` in the `terraform/aws` directory.

> You also override variables defined in `variables.tf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override variables defined in `variables.tf`
```

> # GCP terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AWS terraform
```

> This terraform project creates kubernetes cluster in GCP from scratch, it's required to deploy The Graph indexer on later steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This terraform project creates kubernetes cluster in AWS from scratch. It's required in order to deploy The Graph indexer on later steps.
```

## Install prerequisites
| Tool | Recommended version | Install documentation link |
| ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Terraform | `~> 1.0.2` | https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli#install-terraform |
| Kubectl | Latest | https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl |

> | AWS cli | Latest | https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install |

Reviewer: Should be a link to aws cli

## Apply terraform
### Auth in aws
Get AWS access key using this guide https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powershell/latest/userguide/pstools-appendix-sign-up.html .

Run in terminal:
```
aws configure
```
And input Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

### Fill variables

> Copy example variables file `terraform.example.tfvars` to `terraform.tfvars` in the `terraform/gcp` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the file `terraform.example.tfvars` with variables to `terraform/aws` directory and rename to `terraform.tfvars`.
```

> Fill `gcp_project` variable. You also can override other variables defined in `variables.tf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill `aws_project` variable. You also can override other variables defined in `variables.tf`
```

Reviewer: but there is no such variable btw. Also in gcp tf is's called project_id, as I understand

### Run terraform apply

> Go to the `terraform/gcp` directory and run following command in terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the `terraform/aws` directory and run following command in terminal:
```

```
terraform apply
```

> After calculating diff you would be asked if you want to apply changes, type yes and press enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calculating the diff you will be asked if you want to apply changes. Type `yes` and press `enter`.
```

> After command successful finish kubernetes cluster would be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Get kubectl config for created cluster
```
aws eks --region <region-code> update-kubeconfig --name <cluster_name>
```

### Test that kubectl config works
```
kubectl get ns,node
```

## Destroy terraform
**If you have active services or ingresses in your cluster that are associated with a load balancer, you must delete those services/ingresses before deleting the cluster so that the load balancers are deleted properly. Otherwise, you can have orphaned resources in your VPC that prevent you from being able to delete the VPC.**

> This step would delete all resources that were created by terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step deletes all resources that were created by terraform.
```

> Go to the `terraform/gcp` directory and run following command in terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the `terraform/aws` directory and run following command in terminal:
```

```
terraform destroy
```

> After calculating diff you would be asked if you want to apply changes, type yes and press enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calculating the diff you will be asked if you want to apply changes. Type `yes` and press `enter`.
```

> After command successful finish all created resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
